WIN CONDITIONS:
- Emma MUST flee in the escape craft before the ship is destroyed
	- Emma MUST repair the craft

? How did Emma choose to resolve the situation with AURITA?
	-- Only the 'worst' option is available if the ship's drift is not corrected
	IGNORE - AURITA probably gets to blow up the escape pod with Emma in it
	NEGOTIATE - Emma and AURITA bargain for Emma's life
	DISABLE - Emma cuts off all of AURITA's core cnxns
	DESTROY - Emma destroys AURITA's AI core (perhaps via LMR)
	INTEGRATE - Emma uses Maryam's information to collapse AURITA's chaotic personality matrix
		...causes the partitioned sections of AURITA's core to be overwritten
		vs. Emma - All of AURITA's motives are set to "kill player"
		vs. AURITA - All of AURITA's motives are set to "kill self"
		vs. null - Paradox state allows open communication with remaining intact fragment of AURITA's core

=====
DANGER: If the ship is not moved to a safe orbit within ???? hours, it will drift into a planetary ring, where micrometeorites will turn the ship into swiss cheese!
	Solutions:
	CHEAP-FAST: Detonate remainder of fuel to divert ship
		1) Reinforce tank to provide correct thrust
		2) Install detonation device
		3) Detonate and hope you do not die
	FAST-SOLID: Repair the maneuvering jets to push the ship
		1) Fix a majority of the attitude jets
		2) Prime the jets for ignition
		3) Issue nav commands at Astro/Bridge terminal
	SOLID-CHEAP: Manually fire the thruster to move the ship
		1) Allow the power plant to reach operating capacity
		2) Confirm fuel path is intact and controls operative
		3) Prime the thruster and allow it to warm up
		4) Ignite, let run, and shutdown the thruster engine from Astro

DANGER: The LMR's subverted programming means that if it catches Emma in the open, it will reduce her to cooked ashes
	Solutions:
	AVOID: Emma can hear it coming because it emits a distinctive sound as it moves
	DECEIVE: The LMR's sensors are damaged: it can be hidden from, or lured with bait
	SUBVERT: If Emma can gain access to its controls, she can reprogram it to do certain other things
	DISABLE: It can be disabled in software or via [a very bright flash of light]
	DESTROY: It can be told to self-destruct or lured into a suitable trap

DANGER: AURITA, the ship AI, has gone crazy: she will try to use misdirection and sabotage to destroy the ship and all the evidence before Emma can escape
	Solutions:
	IGNORE: [questionably possible, check later]
	! Solutions beyond here REQUIRE more time than is allowed without fixing the ship drift!
	NEGOTIATE: What could AURITA want from Emma? (obv Emma wants to live)
		...freedom?
		...oblivion?
	DISABLE: Prevent AURITA from being able to attack
		CHEAP-FAST: Modify and hardlock the software controls on her network access
		CHEAP-SOLID: Destroy the hardline connecting the core to the network
		FAST-SOLID: ??? 
	DESTROY: Emma destroys AURITA's AI core (perhaps via LMR)
		CHEAP-FAST: Program LMR to do it, avoid room entirely
		FAST-SOLID: ???
		CHEAP-SOLID: Get inside, use cutter on AI core
	INTEGRATE: Emma uses Maryam's information to collapse AURITA's chaotic personality matrix
		0) Read technical manuals
		1) Discern false truisms
		2) Locate evidence to disprove statements
		3) Present evidence in order to sway focus
		4) Unanimous focus on a single target causes collapse of personality matrix
			AURITA's decision of what action to take on a given turn is driven by her motive
			Before her matrix is resolved, multiple motives are in play, at differing levels of influence
			Afterwards, her motives are un-confused, and her purpose becomes singular
			Possible motive targets: vs self, vs Emma, vs Ship, vs null (error state)

DANGER: The holographic ghosts of the dead crew may or may not be trying to kill me?
	Solutions:
	STAGE 1: Invoke them into this plane
	STAGE 2: Discover their falsehoods
		Amaranthe: "$MAN destroyed our science samples; they wanted us to be doomed!"
			1: an edited piece of video footage that shows $MAN destroying the samples
			2: one of the science samples, intact from the secure cargo hold
		Tristan: "$MAN disabled our orbital shielding systems; they wanted an 'accident'!"
			1: an edited system log, noting the time of shield system deactivation
			2: a sensor log disclosing the high potential of a pinpoint impact overload event
		Iblis: "$MAN sabotaged our engines and life support, killing us all!"
			1: an edited journal from the crew qtrs, stating that $MAN is a secret traitor
			2: a system report indicating the micrometeorite impact event
		Maryam: "$MAN let AURITA loose from her program shackles and sent us into the torments of hell!"
			1: an edited network tracelog that shows the unshackling auth from $MAN's address
			2: an AI core dumprep that notes a massive psych event coinciding with meteorite impact
	STAGE 3: Present the proof of logic
		Each statement can be swayed via an obvious way and a hidden way. Each obvious way involves the use of something that can be hacked somehow to present a different person, allowing Emma to 'rewrite' the evidence as she needs to. However, each hidden option involves a particular unique, probably one that appears to be somewhat useless otherwise.
	STAGE 4: Sway their emotions
		Presenting proof that sways allows Emma to redirect AURITA's focus.
		Presenting proof that confuses allows Emma to make contact with the self-preservation fragment.

DANGER: The escape pod took some damage in all of the chaos and must be repaired before it can be used, whether she remains in orbit or opts to make planetfall
	Checklist:
		1) Air?
			-Reseal the cracked hull
			-Clean the O2 scrubbers
			-Replenish the circulating atmo
		2) Food/water?
			-make sure the stores are filled
				-where to get more?
		3) Fuel?
			-make sure the tanks are filled
				-siphon from tanks?
		4) Beacon?
			-transceiver inspection:
			Y/N receive
			Y/N transmit
			Y/N emergency msg

THE AI FRAGMENTS
When the meteorite struck and AURITA was damaged, her core fractured at a metaprocessing level, and manifested in a division of her capabilities. Lacking any kind of physical morphic structure to attach to, her divisions have taken on the forms of the other dead crewmen, reconstructed from what video she was able to recover.

As AURITA's secret ur-objective is to find a way to clear her name, that is the subtle goal of each of these shards. Each one is constructed on the basis of a single statement's parity; the statement is one that assigns fault, or cause, for a given problem or obstacle. Of course in real life no one is really to blame for any such things, and so making it clear to the shards that there is logically no target for their blame will force them into a paradox-state. If each of the shards are thus rendered helpless, it will allow AURITA's remaining fragment of self-preservation to make contact with Emma.

Each shard has the intent of placing blame at a specific entity's feet, those being the ones aboard the ship: AURITA and the crew. Their initial starting positions are all pointed at each other, excepting AURITA and Emma, whose positions as protag-antag make them also the only valid endgame configurations (aside from paradox-state).

The use of each shard is multilayered:
At first, they are perceived as strange organic computer-ghosts
1 Emma interacts with them by doing regular quest things
2 ...then by perceiving their real nature, and looking for their weak points, giving clues to what will be needed
3 Emma locates the necessary proof items, repeat 2/3 as needed
4 ...then by collapsing each of the ghosts into a particular config

In order to have enough time to complete this process, it is necessary to prevent the ship from encountering a major stellar hazard. While it is perfectly acceptable for Emma to depart before this hazard becomes dangerous, it requires a deft touch. In addition, the only maneuvers available to Emma will not prevent her from death if she is aboard the ship for more than a day or so afterwards, necessitating that she escape aboard one of the ship's pods. The only shipshape pod on the rack is not ready to be used in the condition Emma discovers it in, having been worked over by the LMR in AURITA's 
