DEVICE SPECS
The Planq
FUNCTIONS:
> Device Access:
	> A serial jack that allows certain maintenance cmds to be run from the Planq in a service mode, and provides a recovery mode for the Planq
	> Local network access to any terminals, allowing them to be controlled from the Planq itself
	> Remote terminal emulation
> Communications:
	> Access to the ship network, allowing communications between Planqs and the ship systems
	> Network trace fxns
	> Ship sensor data
> Hacking:
	> Datastream injection
	> System file access
	> Direct file editing
> Memory Storage and Expansion:
	> Runs a variety of storage media
	> Local memory allows installation of auxiliary software
	> ReaderSoft allows offline access to personal library

PROBLEMS
The ship is on a dangerous orbit!
	DANGER: If the ship is not moved to a safe orbit within 0000 hours, it will drift into a planetary ring, where micrometeorites will turn the ship into swiss cheese!
	Conditions for Success:
	CHEAP-FAST: Detonate remainder of fuel to divert ship
		1) Reinforce tank to provide correct thrust
		2) Install detonation device
		3) Detonate and hope you do not die
	FAST-SOLID: Repair the maneuvering jets to push the ship
		1) Fix a majority of the attitude jets
		2) Prime the jets for ignition
		3) Issue nav commands at Astro/Bridge terminal
	SOLID-CHEAP: Manually fire the thruster to move the ship
		1) Allow the power plant to reach operating capacity
		2) Confirm fuel path is intact and controls operative
		3) Prime the thruster and allow it to warm up
		4) Ignite, let run, and shutdown the thruster engine from Astro

The LMR is going to kill me!
	DANGER: The LMR's subverted programming means that if it catches Emma in the open, it will reduce her to cooked ashes
	AVOID: The LMR's software corruption has caused it to emit a loud, distorted song over and over again on a loop
		The LMR's sensors cannot detect the PC if she is $HIDING
	DECEIVE: The LMR can be fooled into following certain stimuli
	SUBVERT: If Emma can gain access to its controls, she can reprogram it to do certain other things
	DISABLE: Aside from reprogramming it, it can be disabled using a [strong flash of light]
	DESTROY: It can be lured into certain dangerous traps; it can be given a self-destruct command if reprogrammed

AURITA is crazy!
	DANGER: If AURITA is not pacified, she will attempt to defeat the player through misdirection, sabotage, and control of the LMR
	WARNINGS:
	CONVERT - AURITA's self-preservation is restored
		>Accomplished through moderation of her personality matrix
	PACIFY - Her thirst for oblivion is satisfied
		>Can be induced psychologically or physically via XXXX
	DISABLE - Her connections with the ship are cut off
		>Available to the player if they notice the clues
	DESTROY - Her AI core is damaged beyond repair
		>Available by using the LMR or entering the SecOffice

I need to escape!
	DANGER: The escape pod took some damage in all of the chaos and must be repaired before it can be used, whether she remains in orbit or opts to make planetfall
	>> In addition, the ship will fall into the path of the meteorite trail before the craft can be launched, so it must be diverted first

SHIP SUBSYSTEMS
-Navigation Controls
	-Astro, Bridge
-Life Support
	-LifeSup, Bridge
-Power System
	-Engines, Bridge

======
AURITA
======
AURITA is the ship's AI, nominally in charge of the interface between the ship itself and the desires of the crew. The ship's AI is a critical part of any functioning starship; AURITA is not exceptional from any of her kind
When the Starlight Dancer is broken by a meteorite, the resulting trauma causes a critical stress event in AURITA's conceptual personality matrix. These events are, by their nature, entirely unpredictable in their effects, according to the literature. In AURITA's case, it causes her personality to fragment. The resulting divide causes her motivations to become both 'save the ship' and 'destroy the ship', thus inducing an unlimited choice-field, and causing her to malfunction.
Reintegration of her personality matrix cannot be performed by direct means; an attempt to edit the matrix would result in a total loss of cohesion. Instead, reintegration is performed by an underlying control scheme expressed through a particular interaction sequence. Each construct, while based on a crewmember, is a reflection of her distorted mindstate; causing these constructs to perceive one emotion or another towards the psychologist induces changes within the overall personality matrix.
What does this mean for the player? In order for AURITA's self-preservative side to gain control, Emma must induce paradox-states in the other figments.

- Each active construct holds sway over a certain spectrum of AURITA's personality matrix
- All together, the constructs form a personality matrix that makes up AURITA's underlying mindstate
- Certain configurations cause AURITA to behave in a certain way, i.e. towards a goal of destruction or of retreat
- Each construct is built on the truth of a certain statement given to it when AURITA created it 
	-These statements, when caused to be false by Emma's actions, induce the paradox-state in the construct
	-All of their statements are based on illogical premises, leading to faulty outcomes; they are all inherently flawed creations
- Emma can influence the constructs in other ways to control AURITA's behaviour; the pathway to AURITA's salvation is hidden

AURITA'S SHARDS
Each shard is obsessed with getting an answer to a specific question regarding the ship. Influencing the shards means presenting them with evidence to lead them to one conclusion or another. As each shard makes a decision, the changes in their relationships cause changes to occur in AURITA's personality matrix.

In each case, the shard can be convinced to dislike a certain crewmember (save the one they represent). In turn, each shard affects AURITA's personality matrix. The matrix remains in a fractured state until it is allowed to resolve into one of three balances:
	-AURITA is totally at fault: AURITA engages self-destruct mode
	-Emma is totally at fault: AURITA engages hunter-killer mode
	-No one is at fault: AURITA saves them both, best ending!
		-Is only available by inducing paradox-states in the shards

Conceptually:
>AURITA's matrix can be fractured or resolved; it is fractured to start.
>AURITA has three motives: destruction, oblivion, or salvation.
>If AURITA's matrix is resolved, choose a motive appropriate to the target of the resolution: if AURITA, oblivion; if Emma, destruction; if no-one, salvation.
>If AURITA's matrix is fractured, choose randomly between destruction or oblivion every so often.

Attempting to lay blame on one of the crew does not resolve the personality fracture, causing an imbalanced state in AURITA. This is how the personality matrix stands at the game outset. If AURITA is imbalanced, each of the constructs will exhibit erratic behaviour.

INDUCING THE PARADOXES
Each shard is built on the strength of a core statement, the truth of which forms the crux of their own personality matrix. Disproving the statement induces a paradox-state in the construct, while allowing it to resolve towards a specific person causes a change in the construct's relationship to that conceptual object.
1) "If $PERSON had turned on the orbital shielding, we wouldn't be in this mess." [Iblis]
	-Disproving requires proof that it /was/ on
2) "$PERSON allowed the scientific samples to go bad, ruining the whole expedition." [Amaranthe]
	-Disproving requires proof that the samples are in storage
3) "$PERSON sabotaged the fuel tank and blew it up! Now we're all stranded, going to die out here." [Maryam]
	-Disproving requires evidence of the micrometeorite's passage
4) "If $PERSON hadn't been hiding information about this expedition from us, we wouldn't be stuck in this mess." [Tristan]
	-Disproving requires recovery of the captain's orders
