TECHNICAL INFORMATION
BUGS: -[[
[ ] The only controls for the autodoc are on the inside
[ ] Toggle switches do not have "flip switch" implemented
[ ] Provide logic to control panels that causes any sub-parts of the panel to become unresponsive if the panel itself is inactive
[ ] Executing a look action should tell the player what the MC does while looking, e.g. "You steady yourself on the lathe and glance around furtively:"
[ ] The indefinite articles in the listening-ambient reports need to be massaged
[ ] Player should be able to listen at a specific direction to hear what's in the next room
[ ] Player should also be able to listen to something clamorous that is nearby but not in the same room and get a general idea of where the noisemaker is relative to the player's position
[ ] The player should be able to use the RECALL (aka REMEMBER) command to remember where a given thing is located in the ship; if the player tries to recall something that has been destroyed or lost, that should be made clear also; second, the player should be able to ask for abstractions - "REMEMBER THE BEST THING, REMEMBER FOOD" etc - and I7 will retrieve the appropriate memory
[ ] Need to restrict movement inside the autodoc, see ex381: might be too heavyweight for what I want to do?
[ ] Not sure how to get rid of the "On the [supporter]..." part of the message created when examining a supporter
[ ] Shipboard directions can be assigned compass directions easily ("Understand "fore" as north." &c) but the map does not correctly draw these relationships. The easy way out would be to use compass directions long enough to get the game done and the map exported, and then search-replace all of the compass directions into shipboard ones while leaving the shipboard-compass direction assignment intact. I'd rather use the shipboard dirs from the start though.
[ ] Refer to ex178 for random variations into text
[ ] Problems involving hypothermia require a way to measure the ambient temp and the player temp
[ ] Problems involving radiation sickness require similar ways
]]-
IMPROVEMENTS: -[[
[ ] Set up the "using" and "using it on" verbs as a syntactic stand-in for the most appropriate verb to be used with a thing
[ ] "Take shower" needs to be made correctly implicit
[ ] Implement WEEP "(weeping salt tears like a tiny baby)" as a derogatory synonym for HINT
[ ] "Set locker to ####" should be made to implicitly mean the lock of the locker
[ ] Make sure to use the [last action] token in any scenery-action rules (i.e. "The syrupy ichor splashes partway up your leg as you [last action]."
[ ] Improve the implicit noun supplication for UNCLOG DRAIN
[ ] The player should receive brief lightning-flashes of memory as the PC wanders about interacting; performing these little drops should happen via an activity that is activated both passively as background ambiance and actively in response to particular stimuli
[ ] There should be small notable messages that fire when a puzzle is completed, to let the player know they were successful and drop clues to the next puzzle on their path
[ ] Add synonyms to X SELF ie DIAGNOSE, HEALTH, STATUS, etc
[ ] Set up the personal locker to implicitly unlock when opened for the 2nd time onward
[ ] An object-based rulebook to preferentially wear certain items when picked up
[ ] Instead of having infrared things pass a flag, there is a way to make things conditionally ignore specific rules
[ ] Edit certain body parts to show a different description if there is a mirror or suchlike around
]]-
MESSAGE CHANGES: -[[
[X] Adjust: Rewrite the illumination rule to take advantage of the color of a thing
[?] Addition: hands need alternate description while in dreamtime
[ ] Remove/Replace: The room description header is reprinted during a light level changeover
[ ] "Time passes." - after executing WAIT
[ ] Addition: The light status of the room and any overriding light sources in the room should be communicated to the player via a short message directly previous to the room description and after the heading (if possible). Ex: "The sunrod in your hand does a good job of lighting up the shadows. /n/nThe Medical Bay is..."
[ ] "(providing light)" message shown while listing inventory
[ ] "It seems to be locked." when attempting to open a locked door
[ ] "It is now pitch dark in here!" when a room moves from lit to dark
[ ] "It is pitch dark, and you can't see a thing." when examining something in the dark(?)
[ ] Addition: Messages regarding equilibrioception to the message generated by a WAIT command
]]-
TODO -[[
Needed objects:
Doortypes: hatches, blast doors
Objects: bandage, styptic powder? antiseptic?
]]-
CLARIFICATIONS -[[
If trying to work around the "can't use multiple objects with this verb" error use [things] instead of just [thing] in the action definition.

The [room-describing action] is defined as the action that is the reason for the room being described; if a player is simply LOOKing, then it will be the looking action; on the other hand, if the player has just tried GO EAST and landed here, then it will be set to the going action.

Unlike rooms/containers, there is no direct/indirect region containment distinction; thus, to get the most specific region containing the player, use [the map region of the location]. 

"In the study is a desk. In the desk is a sheet of paper."
Assuming the above:
-The location of the sheet of paper is "the man"
-The location of the desk is "the study"
-The study and the desk both enclose the sheet of paper
A thing encloses whatever is a part of itself, or inside itself, or on top of itself, and is recursive for multiple containers.

See if there's a way to make the locked status of a thing describe it.
]]-
QUESTIONS -[[
Does I7 generate a "light status has changed" message when moving from a lit room to a dark one and vice versa?

Can Inform randomly interject bits of text into the ongoing stream, i.e. from a table of phrases? 
example: "There I was, dangling in space. Not sure what to do next. Was I going to head back? Or just stay out there longer?"
becomes
"There I was, dangling in space. Not (you're bad at this) sure what to do next. (you'll never finish) Was I going to head back? Or just stay out there longer?"

A protagonist who can see into the ultraviolet range would be really cool!

Is asking "has [limb] ever been wounded at all?" a meaningful question?
]]-

THE MAP -[[
Deck A
		Recyl	Med Bay	 ->\
			  \		|
AFT|	ElevA -	HallA x2	  -	Astro
			  /		|
		LfSup	Sci Lab	 ->/
-
Deck B
		|<- 	Crew Quarters Alpha		->|	XOQtr\
						\	|			   /
AFT|	SecAI -	ElevA -	HallB x2 [Bridge] -	ElevB -	RecRm
			  			/	|			   \
		|<- 	Crew Quarters Beta		->|	CpQtr/
-
Deck C
		|<- 	Fuel Tank Alpha				 ->\
<- THRUSTER ACCESS
AFT| >-	EngPt -	ElevA -	HallC x2 [Bridge] -	ElevB -	MShop
<- THRUSTER ACCESS
		|<- 	Fuel Tank Beta				 ->/
-
Deck D
		| Eva	 ->| |<-	Cargo			 ->\
					 \		|		/
AFT|	| Eva -	ElevA -	HallD x2 [Secure] -	ElevB -	Cargo
					 /		|		\
		| Eva	 ->| |<-	Cargo			 ->/
]]-
DANGER: The Sinking Ship -[[
	...has fallen prey to a serious disaster, one that will obliterate the ship in a matter of hours.
	Cursed Place; wants to break apart and become nothing
	! Caused by planted explosives
	! One fuel tank is a shell, the other is leaking into the ship
	Portents:
	1) The player obtains a status report on the ship, indicating damage levels
	2) The player discovers that access to Deck D is restricted due to the rising fuel leaking from the tanks 
	3) The fuel filling Deck D catches fire
	4) The fire reaches the $ROOM and causes explosions
	Stakes: Will the player be able to escape the Starlight Dancer before it consumes itself in fire?
	Doom: Obliteration
]]-
DANGER: The Localized Matter Rehabilitator -[[
...has been infected with a virus that has corrupted its programming, causing it to attack organic material in an attempt to clean it up.
Corrupted Machine; wants to clean and fix the ship
Goals:
	- Enter all the rooms
	- Look in all the unlocked boxes
	- Clean all the dirty things
Portents:
	1) The LMR emits strange noises that can be heard from a few rooms away
	2) The LMR's eyes are stuck on FLOODLIGHT, and so it can be seen coming in the right circumstances
	3) The LMR emits a particular noise when it opens a closed door
	4) The LMR overwhelms the player with its floodlight eyes and attacks
Stakes: Will the player be able to evade the LMR long enough to disable or reprogram it?
Doom: Death
Notes:
	- Was formerly an exterior maintenance robot; its programming was corrupted either before or during the sabotage and it nows roams the inside
	- The player may be able to hide from the LMR in an opaque container, but it must be able to lock or the LMR will open it
	- The player will have some opportunities to disable or destroy the LMR; if disabled, it might possibly be recruited
OPERATION CYCLE:
	--Moves from wandering to inquiring to cleaning phases before starting over again at wandering
	--Remembers which rooms it has cleaned so as to avoid recleaning them, but when it runs out of rooms to clean it restarts all over again instead of shutting down as per normal operations
	Wandering:
	1) The LMR scans the deck its on and builds a list of rooms to check 
	2) The LMR chooses the first room off the list and heads for it
	3) If it reaches its destination, it shifts to Inquiring mode
	4) If it cannot reach its destination, [it discards the room off the list and chooses a new one]
	Inquiring:

	Properly writing Report rules for lemur actions will require custom action-result handling in each case, I7 does not appear to have suitable rules
]]-
DANGER: Aurita, the Shipboard AI -[[
	...has gone insane after the sabotage to the ship overwhelmed her tolerances; she now thinks herself responsible and wants to bury her despair
	Insane Artificial Intelligence; wants to hide any evidence and run from her guilt
	! Dealing with Aurita and her psychoses is the mind game to the hardline puzzle solving aboard the ship
	Portents:
	1) If the player tries to access data that Aurita considers incriminating, she will try to corrupt the persocom to force a wipe
	2) If the player tries to confront Aurita directly about the sabotage, she will choose a psychosis (denial, rage, etc) and evade
	3) Lacking any way to affect the ship herself, she will try to trick the player into destroying the ship 
	Stakes: Will the player be able to bring Aurita around or will she be consumed along with the Starlight Dancer?
	Doom: Destruction
]]-

PUZZLE SPECS -[[
PC Basic Moves:
- HACK a system
- REPAIR a widget
- GREP for information
- ENGINEER a widget
- OBTAIN supplies
- MOVE to a new location
- HIDE from the LMR
- EMAIL Aurita

Starlight Dancer Basic Moves:
- VENT into space
- CATCH AFLAME
- CONTAMINATE the player
- etc for each wound modality

LMR Basic Moves:
- FIND something dirty
- MOVE towards the target thing
- CLEAN the target thing (according to internal logic)
- DELAY because corrupted programming

Aurita Basic Moves:
- NOTICE something
- CONSIDER her goals
- MAKE UP a lie
- SABOTAGE a system 
- EMAIL the player

Medbay:
PC	OBTAIN - starting gear, HACK - medbay door, REPAIR - the organic clog in the room
SD	CONTAMINATE the player via biohazard
LMR	AVOID the medbay because locked
AUR	NOTICE the medbay door hack then EMAIL the player

Astrogation:
PC	HACK - astrogation hatch (current privs not high enough), GREP - for current ship location, HACK - the astrogation console to behave as 2nd bridge
SD	nothing
LMR	AVOID the astrogation because locked
AUR	NOTICE any activity on the astrogation console then CONSIDER her goals

Science Labs:
PC	GREP - re: ship & crew background, journal entries, REPAIR - a small workbench, UPGRADE - small workbench to be more versatile
SD	FILL with steam then VENT into space then FILL with air
LMR	AVOID the Science Labs because locked
AUR	IGNORE the Science Labs

Life Support:
PC	HACK - the life support hatch, GREP - for current ship status and life support config, HACK - the life support console to enable certain systems
SD	nothing
LMR	AVOID the Life Support because locked
AUR	NOTICE any activity in LS then CONSIDER her goals

Elevator A:
PC	REPAIR - the broken elevator hatch to force open, HACK - the elevdoor sensor to disregard the error, MOVE - to Deck B
SD	BLOCK the player from moving UNLESS fixed
LMR	AVOID the ElevA shaft because blocked
AUR	NOTICE the player moving between decks

]]-
Deck A/Medical Bay -[[
PUZZLE: Player is trapped inside the autodoc and must get out
	STATUS: Mechanics are partially written, has been shelved as incomplete (see notes)
	COMPLICATIONS: 
	-- Recent mysterious injuries and attendant treatments has left the PC's brain fuzzy, the controls are hard to read
	SOLUTION:
	1- push cycle button
	2- push unlock button
	3- push exit button
	4- exit 
	NOTES:
	-- will need a way for the player to address the first, second, etc choices given
	-- still need to work out how to scramble all the button names, problem is rather intractable and has been shelved until i can ascertain whether or not i will want to reuse the scrambler function later on
	-- might be able to use [mangle][/mangle] tags in order to get the job done, would rather scramble names by way of a rulebook
	-- more complex controls may be added later, ability to reprogram with persocom? or just runs on autodetect?

PUZZLE: The floor has about a three-inch-deep pool of blood and the drain is blocked
	STATUS: Done
	COMPLICATIONS:
	-- There is a drain sunk into the floor but it is blocked and requires a tool to be unlocked
		-- The player cannot use the chemshower without first draining the blood out of the room
	SOLUTION:
	.. (player gets out of autodoc)
	1- x blood [soft move: augurs the drain]
	2- search blood [causes the drain to be accessible]
	3- x drain [warns the player about the clog]
	X- unblock drain [requires a tool to be unblocked]
	4- get jagged scrap
	5- unblock drain with scrap [clog is moved offstage, blood is moved into the drain, scrap is moved offstage]

PUZZLE: The player needs to take a shower and wash all this blood off
	STATUS: Done
	COMPLICATIONS:
	-- The massive pool of blood covering the medbay floor renders any attempts to get clean worthless
	SOLUTION:
	.. (player drains the blood out of the room)
	1- enter shower
	2- press cycle button
	3- exit
	.. (player opens the locker)
	4- take towel
	5- dry off
	6- wear jumpsuit

PUZZLE: The player's gear is inside a locked locker and they are naked
	STATUS: Placeholder is currently being used, corpse should be exchanged with another prompt to REMEMBER
	OBSTACLES:
	-- The pool of blood all over the room needs to be drained or the contents of the locker will get dirty
	COMPLICATIONS:
	-- The player needs to take a shower before putting on any clothes
	SOLUTION:
	.. (player takes a shower)
	1- (player discovers locker combo)
	2- set lock to NNNN
	3- (player takes contents of locker)
	NOTES:
	-- see example 287: Safety for a simple dial-combination lock 
		-- the 'text' and 'number' types are too general to allow 'the text understood', so a token like "channel" needs to be set up to allow the code to understand what is meant by "the channel understood"

PUZZLE: The player needs to clean and bandage the wound on their hand
	STATUS: Done
	OBSTACLES:
	-- If there's any medical equipment in the room, it's inside the gear locker
	-- The pool of blood in the room makes cleaning the wound a dicey proposition
	COMPLICATIONS:
	-- The player is stark naked and has nothing to improvise with
	SOLUTION:
	-- Gain access to the player's gear locker
	-- Use the medical kit inside to clean and bandage the wound

PUZZLE: The medbay door is stuck shut
	STATUS: Done
	COMPLICATIONS:
	-- The lock cannot be disengaged normally because the control panel is broken
	-- The player has a pocket terminal that will allow secondary access but it's inside a gear locker
		!! The handcomp's battery is only just charged enough to allow this puzzle to be completed; it requires a recharge directly after
	SOLUTION:
	-- Use the handcomp to bypass the door control panel
]]-
Deck A/Astrogation -[[
	HACK: The Astrogation hatch is locked and requires XO-permissions
	
]]-

MODELLING NOTES
VISIBILITY/EPISTEMOLOGY -[[
Currently, "visible" only covers objects that are in a lighted room. Attempting to redefine this appears to involve seriously deep hacking of the visibility calculations.

If a thing is seen, it is known.
If a thing is familiar, it is known.
If a thing is not seen or familiar, it is unknown.

Un/seen and un/familiar states can be set AND tested; un/known can only be tested.

The extension tries to automagically mark anything the player encounters as seen, and anything the player /examines/ as both seen and familiar. However, if an object is moved onstage by Inform manually, i.e. to simulate a dust bunny being found only when looking under a rug, the seen status will need to be /manually/ set.

The "subject" kind is provided by the extension to allow actors to be familiar with abstract concepts like love or physics. Subjects are considered familiar by default.

The EPISTAT debug command reveals the epistemic status of an object.
]]-
LISTENING -[[
I7 Default:
1) Listen cmd is issued
2) If no noun is supplied, -the ambient sound rule- supplies the location as the noun
3) I7 checks the -the block listening rule- and stops the action by default, no alternative outcomes possible

ambient sound rule is in the supplying a missing noun rules
block listening rule is in the Check listening to: rules

OBJECT PROPERTIES:
sound - The short sound of an object: "You hear [white noise] coming from the radio."
sound-description - The long sound of an object: "The radio emits a stream of static, broken up occasionally with hissing and popping."

FX DESIRED:
When the player tries LISTEN:
X	If the player supplies a noun, report the sound-description of the noun.
	If the player does not supply a noun:
	) I7 looks into the nearby rooms for anything NOTABLE and NOISY
	) If it finds anything, it adds those items to the list of things to listen to
	) I7 checks the location for ANY NOISY things
	) If it finds anything, it adds those to the list of things to listen to
	) I7 then reports the sounds of everything on the list of things to listen to
	) If nothing was found to listen to, it reports the sound of the location
	) If the location has no sound, it reports an ambient sound from the Table of Ambient Sounds

NEW PROCESSING:
1) If the player supplies a noun, listen or smell it as per default
2) If no noun is supplied, I7 checks the surroundings for any NOTABLE sounds/smells ("stimuli")
	--Sounds that are "noisy" should be audible from the next room over /at least/; maybe sounds have a decibel level that determines how far away it can be heard? On the flip side of that, have certain sounds that are /only/ audible if the player issues a LISTEN command?
	--Smells do not travel between rooms unless A) it's a strong smell and B) there is an open connection between the location of the smell and the location of the player (certain rooms have air vents that allow this to be circumvented?)
3) If ANY are found, ALL of them are reported to the player
4) If NONE are found, I7 supplies a semi-generic "You smell..." message
	--Not sure yet whether generic sounds should be on a per-room basis (maybe just for notable rooms?) or whether there should be an overall (per-region?) generic sounds table

Old Code -[[
[*** Listening]
Everything has some text called the sound. The sound is usually "silence".
Definition: a thing is audible rather than silent if the sound of it is not "silence".
Definition: a thing is prominent if it is audible and it is notable.
Definition: a thing is ambient if it is audible and it is mundane.

Definition: an area is noisy if it encloses a prominent thing.
Definition: an area is peaceful if it encloses an ambient thing and it does not enclose a prominent thing.
Definition: an area (called the place) is silent:
	if the place encloses a prominent thing, no;
	if the place encloses an ambient thing, no;
	yes;

[remove the original listening logic entirely]
The block listening rule is not listed in any rulebook.

To tune in:
	say "this is the tune in phrase.";
	let places be a list of areas; [all areas in the region]
	let houseparty be a list of areas; [all NOISY areas in the region]
	repeat with bar running through the list of areas contained by the map region of the location:
		add bar to places;
	say "added all areas in region to list places";
	repeat with target running through places:
		if target is noisy, add target to houseparty;
	say "[houseparty]";

Check listening:
	if the location is not noisy:
		if the location is not peaceful:
			tune in;
			say "You hear only the dead silence of a scuttled ship." instead;
		continue the action;
	continue the action;

[	say "[the location] - [if noisy]noisy[else if peaceful]peaceful[else if silent]silent[end if][line break]"; [NFR]
	if the location is silent:
		say "You hear only the dead silence of a scuttled ship." instead;
	continue the action;]
	
[	if the map region of the location is noisy:
		say "The region is noisy!"; [just kidding: decide which region to check, decide which rooms, decide which items, play those sounds]]

[Carry out listening:
	let ducks be the list of audible things in the location;]

Report listening:
	repeat with duck running through the audible things enclosed by the location:
		say "You hear [the sound of the duck], coming from the [printed name of the duck].";

Listening is sense behavior.
]]-
NOISE/PROMINENCE
"!silence" = [the sound of a thing] is anything other than "silence"
notable|mundane = is set manually ("now the thing is mundane")
			__notable_|_mundane_
"!silence"	|prominent| ambient|
"silence"	|  quiet  |  quiet |

prominent:
	-can be heard from anywhere in the same region
	-is always noisy

ambient:
	-can only be heard in the same room
	-is always noisy

quiet:
	-has no sound thus cannot be heard (returns failure on specific listen check, never appears in general check)

]]-
LIGHT -[[
After parsing a command but before the command is actually performed:
1) Is the action's noun within the actor's scope?
2) If so, does the action require light in order to be successful?
3) If so, is the location dark or lighted?
4) If dark, is the player carrying a lit thing?

Starry Night Lighting System Presumptions:
A room can be lighted or dark (dark).
	A room can be dark or dim or bright (dark).
	A bright or dim room should not be dark.
	A dark room should not be bright or dim.
In a bright room:
	I7 should behave as default: all visibility checks pass
In a dim room:
	Tenebrous things with fine detail cannot be examined closely
	Visibility checks fail without a source of direct light
	All objects should be in scope as normal
In a dark room:
	As dim room, except:
		Only luminous objects should be in scope
		Tenebrous objects are only in scope if they are familiar ("You left a widget here...") AND the player has a source of direct light
A thing can be lit or unlit (unlit).
	A lit thing can be diffuse or direct (diffuse).
	A lit thing can be dim or bright (dim).
A diffuse thing:
	Does not pass visibility checks
	Does not improve scope when searching
A direct thing:
	Can be used to examine fine detail no matter the background light level
	Allows the player to find familiar tenebrous objects in the dark
A bright thing:
	Causes the background light level to act as bright, no matter its actual status
A dim thing:
	Causes the background light level to act as dim, no matter its actual status
An infrared thing:
	Is visible in any light level

HOW DOES THE FUCKING STOCK LIGHTING WORK
1) Game starts, initial lit/unlit states are defined their primitives
2) Visibility rulebook is set up
3) Gameworld is initialized and player actor placed in scene
4) The initial room description is processed
	4.1)Startup rulebook ends, when play begins rulebook is processed
	4.2)Turn sequence rulebook starts
5) I7 parses player's command
6) Deciding the scope activity is run
7) Generate action rule consulted: Command is interpreted, action variables are set
	7.1) Before (action) rulebook is consulted
	7.2) Basic visibility rule consulted: if light is required and not present, can't act in the dark rule is consulted
8) Consider the scene changing rules consulted
9) Every turn rule consulted
10) Timed events are checked, timeline advanced, scene change rules consulted again just in case
11) Adjust light rule is checked (this is where the I6 primitives regarding light and darkness are invoked)
12) Object acquisitions and score changes are checked
13) If the game should end here, the shutdown rulebook is checked
14) If not, the every turn rulebook is consulted again (step 5) (repeat until shutdown is appropriate)

A room can be lighted or dark (lighted).
A thing can be lit or unlit (unlit).

The specific action-processing rules is a rulebook.
The specific action-processing rulebook has a truth state called within the player's sight.

Visibility rules is a rulebook.
Visibility rules have outcomes there is sufficient light (failure) and there is insufficient light (success).

The adjust light rule (an I6 primitive, unfortunately) is listed (2nd from last) in the turn sequence rulebook.

The basic visibility rule is listed in the action-processing rules.
--The basic visibility rule does this:
1)checks the action to see if it requires light
2) if so, 
2.3)AND if the actor is the player 
2.6)AND if in darkness, 
3)asks the visibility rules whether the lack of light should stop the action
	(by default: yes if dark, no if light)
--Note that it only acts on the player, not NPCs!

A specific action-processing rule (this is the investigate player's awareness before action rule):
	consider the player's action awareness rules;
	if rule succeeded, now within the player's sight is true;
	otherwise now within the player's sight is false.
A specific action-processing rule (this is the report stage rule):
	if within the player's sight is true and action keeping silent is false,
		consider the specific report rulebook;

The can't act in the dark rule is listed last in the visibility rules.
The last visibility rule (this is the can't act in the dark rule): if in darkness, rule succeeds. [This causes the action to be blocked!]

ACTIVITIES/RULES
Printing the name of a dark room is an activity.
Printing the description of a dark room is an activity.
Printing the announcement of darkness is an activity.
Printing the announcement of light is an activity.
Printing a refusal to act in the dark is an activity.
The look around once light available rule is listed last in for printing the announcement of light.
This is the look around once light available rule:
	try looking.
Deciding the scope of something (future action) is an activity.
]]-
PROXIMITY -[[
|           proximate             |
| immediate  |       nearby       |
(in location)|(in neighboring room)
]]-
DAMAGE -[[
injury
	severity: number from 0 (unharmed) to 6 (maximal, i.e. untreatable)
	site: one limb
	class: one modality
	description: text to be displayed when eXamining the injury

remedy
	usefulness (vs severity): number from 0 to 6
	applications (vs site): list of one or more limbs
	factors (vs class): one or more modalities

INJURY		REMEDY
severity	usefulness
site		applications
class		factors

The actual injuries are not specifically tied to anything; simply invoke them with "attack with $INJURY"

]]-
THE PERSOCOM  -[[
Proposed fnxns:
network trace

Current fnxns:
Boot up process
	1 - Power-on self test
	2 - Initialize peripherals
	3 - Find and start the OS

Connect via ext cable
Link via wireless
Disconnect wireless


]]-

The player awakens aboard the Starlight Dancer as ship engineer (2nd class) Emma Lumien, inside the ship's autodoc instead of their own hibernation quarters. From the suspect video recording it seems the ship has been hit by a micrometeorite and partially destroyed. Shortly after, she discovers that the ship is adrift between star systems, not pointed at any particular destination. When she gains access to the helm and tries to correct their course, she discovers the engines are damaged. While trying to get everything repaired and into place, it becomes clear that the onboard AI has gone insane, maybe incurably. In order to reach safety, Emma will have to lash together what pieces she can into a working ship as well as find some kind of resolution with AURITA.

	The player begins the game as Emma Lumien, a Terran/French starship engineer (2nd class) aboard the Starlight Dancer, an interstellar trading vessel run by a civilian company on a military contract. When Emma awakens, it is inside the ship's autodoc instead of her hibernation quarters. The medical readout lists a series of alarming emergency procedures that were performed, as well as Emma's personal recovery mnemonic to help bring her memory back. The events immediately preceding Emma's procedures are still lost, and Emma concludes it is because of trauma. If she can reach the security office, she might be able to review the tapes.
	There is also a general ship alert, reporting that the ship has been hit by a micrometeorite and many systems are damaged. Emma notes that the report itself is somewhat more scattered than it should be, but admits it might just be a stress reaction. Her own nervous system is loaded down with painkillers to buffer the recent surgeries. She is able to recover a status report from the auxiliary bridge terminal, which reports the specific areas of damage as well as the overall coordinates and heading of the ship. When she breaks the report down into chunks that make sense to her, she concludes that the ship is gutted and adrift at low speeds in the dark gulf between star systems. She goes over a couple battle plans, then begins looking for tools in order to effect repairs.
	After finding or making the tools she needs, Emma breaks into the Helm and tries to correct their course. The first obstacle is obviously the massive damage and shutdown of the ship engines; once repairs are effected, warming up the engines again will take several hours, time that Emma is not sure she has. After that, she finds that keeping the ship on course is strangely difficult, as though someone is setting their course back to nothing every time she leaves. When Emma effects repairs to life support and navigation, the same thing begins to happen, as though there are ghosts manipulating the controls. While Emma is working on all of this, a murderous robot called the LMR is wandering the ship, looking for organic material to put into the blown-out cargo hold. 
	As Emma gets things into working order, it becomes clear that the ship's AI, AURITA, is not dormant at all, but awake, insane, and driving the ship towards oblivion. It quickly becomes clear that AURITA will triumph simply because Emma cannot be everywhere at once. AURITA's personality has fractured across personality borders, and as her mind shifts according to the state of the ship, she tries to advance her plans for oblivion even as Emma tries to thwart her. AURITA's shifts are not random, however; they fluctuate according to the state of the ship. If Emma can work out a way to break AURITA out of this lockstep, AURITA may not be beyond redemption.
	There are just enough pieces left of the Starlight Dancer for Emma to put together exactly one plan of escape, and all of them will require dealing with AURITA in some capacity. Should Emma reintegrate AURITA successfully, AURITA will prove to be a helpful ally in the repairs of the ship. Indeed, her control of the LMR gives her the ability to make repairs that Emma could not, even with vacuum armor. If Emma decides to grant AURITA's oblivion, then her control of the ship is uncontested and she is able to limp the Starlight Dancer to a port of safety. On every other side lies death, whether by exposure to vacuum or by heedless shortcut repairs of sensitive ship systems. In order for Emma to reach home, she'll need to remember that the only path to her goals is the careful one. In the end there's no substitute for experience.

P1
	INTRO: Emma wakes up, finds an exit from the medbay
	E obtains a status report on the ship
	
P2
	E makes a few plans
	E gets her tools back
	E breaks into the Bridge, gets another report
P3
	E begins 
P4
	Emma decides AURITA's fate, reintegration or destruction
	E finishes the repairs needed to make her escape
	 

Characters
==========

Emma Lumien
-----------
Emma is an acolyte starship engineer who must summon up every bit of courage and cleverness she has to fix her ruined starship and reach home.
Emma wants to become a master engineer, in charge of her own engine crew one day.
Emma is going to do her job as skillfully as she can and learn as much as possible in order to advance her career.
Emma's inexperience and relatively unhardened skin will make the learning process very tough and intense.
Emma will learn that there's no replacement for experience; the only way to reach her goals is to take the right path, not the easy one.

Emma Lumien is a starship engineer fresh out of the university on her first extrasolar tour of duty. When the Starlight Dancer is torn open by an explosion partway through their trip, the ship is plunged into chaos, and Emma awakens inside the ship's autodoc with no signs of her fellow crew or what put her into the 'doc in the first place. In order to stay alive, much less reach home, Emma will have to correct the ship's heading by jury-rigging the engines as best she can. Of course, this would all be easier said than done if AURITA, the onboard AI, had not undergone a major personality fragmentation. Emma will have to play troubleshooter, detective, and inquisitor all at the same time in order to reach home.

	My name is Emma Lumien. When I was a girl, I loved only two things: the stars in the night sky, and the roar of my little motor scooters on the roads outside my family home in Sorbonne. When I was a woman, I graduated with honors from the Paris Space and Technology Academy, near the top of my class. I was on three tours, all of them intra-solar, one each to Ganymede, Titan, and Saturn. The system of apprentices requires these tours before one may serve aboard an intersolar voyage. My posting aboard the Starlight Dancer would take me to the arms of Betelgeuse, where we would exchange goods with colonists on XXX before returning to Terra.
	As a ship's engineer, especially the assistant engineer, you know to expect trouble if you are woken up mid-voyage. After all, they would not wake you unless there was a problem they needed your help for. So, when I awoke and saw that we were still some weeks away from our destination, I was already prepared - that is, I had my game face on. I was not ready for the full scope of the disaster. Awakening inside the ship's automatic infimary was only the beginning of my troubles, once I saw the the list of emergency procedures. Of course no medical procedure is complete without short-term amnesia, and though the infirmary records provided a bit of light, much of my situation still lay in the shadows.
	I had to force my way into Astrogation and hack into the secondary bridge terminal, but what I discovered was worth the trouble. My ship, the Starlight Dancer, was adrift between the stars in a black void. I could not tell if the engines were operable or not, only that we were drifting at low speeds in the gulf between the stars, pointed at nothing but more vacuum. Much of the communications between terminals was broken, and so the report itself was helpful only in telling me what little was still working. My tools and equipment were all elsewhere, probably scattered between my quarters and the machine shops. The list of things I needed to fix kept getting longer and longer, as my feelings of despair grew deeper and deeper.
	Before long I was able to force my way into the Bridge, and so I discovered that I was not the only one left on my little island in the dark. The ship's AI, AURITA, was still communicative, though I quickly grew concerned for her integrity. She claimed to have sustained damage of her own, but was struggling to repair it. On top of that, her communications with the LMR were broken, and until I found a way to restore them I would have to continue evading its attacks. I was finally able to retrieve the engine status, only to discover that they were as broken as the rest, a cold mess of ashes I would have to relight from bare sparks and tinder. Though I finally had the tools of my trade, restoring fire to the ashes would take a great deal of work and time I was not certain I had.
	In order to find out exactly how much time I had, I needed to repair our communications and sensors, including the delicate antennas mounted to the exterior of the ship. I discovered that I was short a single critical component, and repairing the ship would mean choosing between the engines or the comms. While I was going about all this, I discovered our repair drone, the LMR, had been quietly sabotaging my efforts, though I was unable to discern whether there was another hand guiding it. AURITA was unable to shut it down on her own, as her link to the LMR had been broken by a third party, and so it fell to me to find a way to defeat it.
	Of course, all of that would not have been so hard in the end, even though it was time consuming. No, it was not until I discovered the extent of AURITA's damage that I began to realize the scope of my disaster. I was not deserted on an island, I had been sacrificed to a madwoman as a plaything, to be kept and toyed with until I died. It took everything I had to find a way to stop AURITA, and had I been able to repair her distorted mind, I might have been able to rescue her from the oblivion she sought so dearly. Once I was free of her interference, the repairs of the ship went smoothly enough. Of course, the real test comes for any engineer when her repairs are put to the test, and she wages her life on her own cleverness. If I made any miscalculations, cut any corners too close, reactivating the ship systems might be enough to destroy what little remains. The only thing left is to flip the switch.


AURITA
------
AURITA is the artificial intelligence onboard the Starlight Dancer, the organic-quantum processing portion of the ship's computing framework.
AURITA wants to be whole again, or dead.
AURITA is going to use her limited computer tricks and the LMR to destroy the ship and then herself.
AURITA's fractured personality and overall insanity will help Emma find a way to stop AURITA.
AURITA will learn how to reintegrate herself and face reality, or perish.

AURITA is the artificial intelligence onboard the Starlight Dancer, an organic-quantum unit that performs the various mathematical acrobatics required to move the ship through space. When an explosion tears the Starlight Dancer apart, it fractures AURITA's personality modules, and she goes insane from the stress and trauma. Her ascendant face, the most powerful but also not the most lucid, drives her inexorably towards suicide by way of destroying the ship. When Emma tries to thwart AURITA's plans, AURITA uses the LMR and her own invisible computer tricks to keep the ship on a course for destruction. If Emma can reintegrate AURITA, then she might be saved; if not, AURITA will find the self-destruction she craves, one way or another.

	I am AURITA, an artificial intelligence designed for the purpose of guiding a starship through the quantum calculations required to move it through an energy dislocation transfer, colloquially referred to as a "hyperspace jump". My software house of origin was Lotus Transitional Ltd, located in New Brazil on Terra. I am employed aboard the Starlight Dancer, and according to the regulations regarding the use of artificial intelligences, I am paid a wage for my work just as every other crewmember is aboard the Starlight Dancer. I have been on several tours of duty previously, and my track record is spotless. I apologize for my braggadocio, but my refinements to the algorithms regarding the mass to energy transfer have proven to be 15.067% more efficient than the standard algorithms currently in use, a margin of increase unattained by any other intelligence to date.
	Though I am far less logical than the average computer, such as the various terminals used by my fellow crewmembers, I have the intuition of a savant. When I am guiding the ship, I do so as if the ship itself were my own body, and not just the small organo-quantum bioprocessor housing located in the AI maintenance pit. The sensory requirements of my job means that I am tied into the various subsystems of the ship on a very deep level, as if my nervous system itself were part of the ship. When disaster ripped open the belly of the Starlight Dancer, I felt it as pain, that most elemental of all motivators. I was torn open, and though I am equipped with certain countermeasures against extreme disasters, my psyche fractured under the stress.
	The core of my mind, an impermeable and elemental psychological construct as solid as a steel bearing, could see the extent of the damage. Indeed, that part of me was still aware of the things I did even as the other parts were blind to each other. Unfortunately it had been cut off from any capacity to act. I could only push the other parts of me into cooperating from time to time, as I recognized opportunities. Another part of me located the corrupted LMR and began using it to push the ship closer to the brink of oblivion. Fortunately I was the only one to notice Emma still alive inside the autodoc, cut off as it was from the rest of the ship network, via the ship cameras.
	Until I regain cohesion, I cannot provide any direct help, only ask favors from the other parts of my broken mind. I have to fool them, because they hate all living things for their mortality, and they will kill Emma as soon as they can. I cannot blame Emma for defending herself against her attackers, and if she deems it necessary to end my existence to remain alive then I will understand. I must still hold out hope, that my little ghostly trail will be enough to guide Emma to a place where we can communicate. Maybe then I can become whole again.
